I asked him to steal it for you.
Do you think I wouldn't know?
What? You said you let him steal it?
Li Wushuang, can you still order your face?
When Mr. Wu voted for me
You are being kicked out of the Li family to apply for a job
You have a little bit
It's not like you can't find a job
Reduced to fried noodles on the street
That is.
You only ate the soft rice of the Jiang family now.
You really think you're somebody?
You are wrong
I married Mr. Li because he was in love
I climb up to him
You dare to slander Mr. Li again
But I ran the Tang family alone
He said it was his doing.
You can't ruin my life
I know you don't believe it.
Then you can call Wu Dajiang now and ask him
Okay, just hit
I'm not used to you yet
Remember to turn on the PA
Hello, Don
Mr. Wu has something small to disturb you.
Don't be so polite.
If you have anything, just say it.
What can help you is better than doing your best
I want to ask
Five years ago.
The first 30 million you invested in me
Do you mean it yourself?
This little Don
Why did you suddenly remember to ask this?
Because a shameless person told me
He told you to invest in me
I want to poke him hard and block his face
Really? Who is that?
That's my ex-fiance.
Li's wife Li Wushuang